---
title: Hanging Out in North Cove
modified:
categories: 
tags: []
published: true
date: 2016-12-28T19:10:05+13:00
---
We turned in  early last night, we  were both absolutely exhausted.  As an added
bonus we slept in this morning too. It's  not like we have somewhere to be!? The
plan was to move Taleisin to a mooring closer to Lin's place.

After we  finally decided to  wake up we  went on deck  and the cove  was nearly
empty. We were trying  to figure out which mooring we were  supposed to pick up.
After a bit of back and forth Annie suggested that we row over and check it out,
even tough it would be a right pain to row back.

While we were busy trying to get Cheeky off the cabin top a friendly sailor came
along side in a kayak and introduced herself.  We invited her on board for a bit
of a chat as it was quite choppy in  the spot we anchored. It turns out that her
boat was on the mooring next to the one  we were moving to. We asked her if she'd
mind helping us move. She was a real sport and jumped to it.

<a data-flickr-embed="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/31120073253/" title="Hanging out in north cove"><img src="https://c6.staticflickr.com/1/452/31120073253_585b6795bd_c.jpg" width="800" height="600" alt="Hanging out in north cove"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
<!--more-->

I felt bad putting her on the windlass as she wasn't comfortable on the helm and
our cat does not like strangers so we  couldn't give her the easy job of flaking
the chain into the  chain locker. I winched in most of the  chain as it's really
hard work and  left the last bit to  her. Later she mentioned that  she was real
proud of herself  for using the manual windlass but  that she really appreciates
the electric windlass on her boat.

It was fairly uneventful apart from the fact that I still need to learn that the
wind affects the boats direction, so heading in the direction I want to go in is
not likely to be  the direction we're actually going. The two  girls did a great
job fending off a power boat that I would have hit otherwise.

We did a couple of takes to get  close to the right mooring (which turned out to
be the wrong  mooring in the end).  Annie grabbed the mooring buoy  like a champ
and we were tied on in no time at all.

Once on the  mooring we decided that it's  probably time to have a  shower so we
gave the shower facilities on board a try.  After all this is the reason we have
no inboard engine. While it will take a little bit getting used to the shower it
was still much  better than trying to  shower while camping. I  think we'll keep
the bath tub instead of putting an engine in there!

After we  were nice  and clean  Annie decided that  she wanted  to tidy  and put
things in  a bit more  order. I chose  to go up on  deck to replace  some lines.
After all I'm  lugging 3 bails of line  with us to do just that.  I replaced the
old preventer vang that was getting on  in the years a bit. Annie suggested that
I upcycle  a bit  of old cruddy  rope to  weave a mat  for our cat  to use  as a
scratchy pad.  I broke out  the Ashley books of  knots and found  something that
looked suitable. Here's the result:

<a data-flickr-embed="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/31089262364/in/photostream/" title="Hanging out in north cove"><img src="https://c5.staticflickr.com/1/349/31089262364_202bc688ab_c.jpg" width="800" height="600" alt="Hanging out in north cove"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<a data-flickr-embed="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/31556666280/" title="Untitled"><img src="https://c1.staticflickr.com/1/448/31556666280_bdc65f8058_c.jpg" width="505" height="800" alt="Untitled"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

After finishing what  we set out to do  on board we rowed ashore to  have a nice
visit with Lin.

<a data-flickr-embed="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/31120078263/" title="Hanging out in north cove"><img src="https://c8.staticflickr.com/1/678/31120078263_0ec81aabcf_c.jpg" width="800" height="600" alt="Hanging out in north cove"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<a data-flickr-embed="true"  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/31120074093/in/photostream/" title="Hanging out in north cove"><img src="https://c6.staticflickr.com/1/620/31120074093_afbe2a0fb2_c.jpg" width="800" height="600" alt="Hanging out in north cove"></a><script async src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>





