---
title: Reflections
modified:
categories: 
tags: []
published: true
date: 2017-12-31T16:00:54+13:00
---
It's been quite a  while since there's been an update on  this blog. Rest assured
it's not for lack of adventure, on the contrary, we've had too much!

I've written quite a few blog posts, and they are long, very long and also quite
unfinished. Since they  are unfinished and not ready to  publish I've decided to
write something new.

Right now I'm sitting in the Kawau boating club, waiting for the New Year's eve
celebrations to start.  I'm looking out over the water  at Taleisin and thinking
back to the year that's has been.

<a data-flickr-embed="true"
href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/sdki/39399924801/" title="Untitled"><img
src="https://farm5.staticflickr.com/4681/39399924801_f6e293ff98_z.jpg"
width="640" height="429" alt="Untitled"></a><script async
src="//embedr.flickr.com/assets/client-code.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<!--more-->

Here's  a quick  summary of  the  adventures we've  had since  I last  published
anything on this blog:

- I broke  a finger while sailing  in 25 knots  and 2 meter seas,  naturally while
doing something stupid.

- We saved  2 power boats in  the marina on  a Sunday afternoon, our  neighbors on
either side of  us. The second one  quite possibly involved me saving  a life, I
have the scar to prove it too.

- We had a near  death in the family, then the adventures  really kicked into high
gear.

- Our ship's cat was  finally overcome by his failing kidneys  after an episode of
arrhythmic right ventricular tachycardia.

- Annie's 93 year-old  grandmother passed away shortly after, she  left Annie with
the gift of getting to know her family.
 
- At this point we were ready to run away and we had a trip to the USA planned for
6 weeks.

-  We spent  4 weeks  in Alaska,  driving adventures,  and another  epic sailing
adventure with  the usual things that  can go wrong. We're  still laughing about
it, so life is good.

- After Alaska we spent a week  in Port Townsend and enjoyed another wooden boat
festival. At  this point we  changed our plans to  extend our adventures  in the
USA. This allowed  us to spend 2  weeks in Port Townsend with  the wonderful new
and old friends we made.

- Leaving Seattle we spent 21 days driving  down to Santa Barabara - CA, across to
Roswell - NM, up through Colarado, then Wyoming and eventually ended up spending
3  weeks with  Annie's sister  in Des  Moines -  IA. This  made for  a 12  weeek
adventure that was never planned. Naturally,  as always, we had a fantastic time
doing it.

- After we  left the USA we  spent 2 weeks in  Sydney, being sick and  catching up
with both  our brothers. When  we returned home to  Taleisin in November  we were
more than ready to be back home.

- Returning to Taleisin, we were faced with  the work required to fix the wood rot
on the rub rail before we could move. This lead to adventures in woodworking. To
add more  variables to the  mix Annie  decided to strip  the bad varnish  off the
bumpkin  and  redo  it. This  was  naturally  not  a  job compatible  with  wood
working...

We eventually managed to get on top of  all the work required and we sailed into
North Cove a few days ago. It's almost  like we're finally ready to take it easy
after a huge 'adventure load'.

Reflecting back  on 2017,  it was  an intersting year.  We both  stopped working
fulltime and tried  to do no work.  While we've been successful  in this aspect,
we've been presented with challenges that would have been impossible to overcome
if we were still working. We've also been able to have adventure on a scale that
we've never been able  to have before, due to work  commitments. While we've had
some sad times with the loss of a  family member and our beloved ship's cat, we've
also had  fantastic opportunities to  get to know  some family that  we've never
really known. We  might not have been  able to connect with all  our family this
year, but at least we've managed to spend quality time with some family.

While I  still have to write  about a lot  of adventures (breaking my  finger is
certainly a story worth telling), I  will get around to it eventually. Hopefully
this quick short summary will give you  some insight into the level of adventure
Taleisin has brought to our lives.  While not all adventure was aboard Taleisin,
it  was all  because of  Taleisin. Taleisin  was the  reason we  got invited  to
Alaska,  the  rest  unfurled  from  there. The  only  caviat  was  acepting  new
adventures as they presented themselves.

I hope that  all our readers have had  a fantastic 2017, but may  2018 bring you
better and bigger adventures!

Happy new year!
